Welcome to the Angular and Spring Boot course.
As an introduction,
here's the course development team.
Harinath Kuntamukkala, and myself, Chad Darby.
We've created a number of popular Spring courses,
and now we're teaming up again
to create another fun course for you.
Alrighty, so let's go ahead
and look at our course objective.
So our main objective here
is to build a full stack application
with Angular and Spring Boot.
So we'll have Angular on the front end,
we'll have Spring Boot on the back end,
and they'll communicate with each other using a REST API.
And then in the background we'll have a database
and we'll have full CRUD support for the database.
And then in terms of prerequisites,
you should already have prior experience with Java,
Spring Boot, and also Maven.
So if you've taken one of my previous courses before,
the Spring and Hibernate for Beginners course,
then you're already set up.
If not then you should go off
and learn those appropriate technologies.
But there's no prior experience needed for Angular.
We'll actually teach you angular from the beginnings.
So just a heads up.
It's not an A to Z coverage of Angular,
but enough to build to full-stack apps.
Alrighty, so lets go ahead and look at our course road map.
So we'll start with an angular overview,
and then we'll set up our development environment.
Next we'll have a TypeScript Crash Course
and then we'll have an Angular Crash Course.
Next we'll pull all this together
and we'll build a real-time eCommerce application.
So we'll build the Angular front-end
and then we'll make use of Spring Boot on the back-end.
So in terms of source code and PDFs,
all source code is available for download.
And also, all the PDFs of the slides
are also available for download.
In the next lecture I'll actually give you links
on how to download those resources.
And then also if you have questions or you need help
simply post your question in the classroom discussion forum
and then we'll get back to you shortly.
Okay, that's it for now,
I'll see you in the next video.